zipnote: add page (#8908)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/zipnote.md

# zipnote

> View, add, or edit a zip archive's comments.
> Files can also be renamed in the zip archive.

> > More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/1/zipnote>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/zipnote>.
```
We prefer manned when there isn't any official documentation available.

> - View the comments of zip archive:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- View the comments on a zip archive:
```

`zipnote {{path/to/file.zip}}`

> - Extract comments of zip archive to a temporary file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Extract the comments on a zip archive to a file:
```

`zipnote {{path/to/file.zip}} > {{path/to/file.txt}}`

> - Add/Update comments/filename on/in a zip archive from a file:

Reviewer 3: why say `filename` here?

Author: I will correct it. It should not be adding or updating a filename.

> - Add/Update comments/filename in zip archive from a temporary file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add/Update comments/filename on/in a zip archive from a file:
```
